the e3 was really much better than
Last year, we have never
so many videos posted in a week
all of course just about you as possible
to inform about each game exactly
but we still have a game
not talked and that's halo 5 so there
It finally got a video to the campaign though
since there are already some details laid out
we were the appearance of buck out
Halo is not very surprised
anyway, have us about the return of
maze infineon, by the way, is looking forward to that
theme service with agent lok on the hunt
after ten blue and the master chiefs
supports the masterchief and his
heroism is questioned and with
Help from different perspectives
As a player, we become the truth
bring light
just a pity that we did not like usual
the story in local splitscreen mode
can play the first gameplay has
However, we presented a new gadget
with the artemis tracking system from lok
we can track down weapons depots
where we send members to send
can to collect the people
Whether the new tactics feature themselves in the game
but it is also well integrated
turn out if always hand
can create
which we actually try
was allowed was the multiplayer mode
his and he liked me so much
I go for it twice on the e3 for that
hired since the provider
december 2014 we know that in the new
multiplayer of halo five a lot different
everything runs so clearly
more agile and faster
thanks to kloster pack sprint and clever
function in addition to the classic arena
four against four mode has called out like
studios at the e3 the new mode
warzone revealed on the biggest halo
map of all time play 24 players so
12 against 12 the goal is relatively easy
For a long time he was the first team to score 1,000 points
or destroy the enemy energy
Kern is the first of your base animals
and free them from Catholics
now there is domination, there are three
building we try to take
and keep it distributed at the same time
on the map bosses ours
bring critical points
and so improve our arsenal
before every respawn or at certain
So we can do ours
standard tires against a covenant carbon
or my darling against a particle
trade swords
Incidentally, this increases during the match
Whole team up and turns so heavy
Sagittarius Free Halo is almost here
to a battlefield next to election day
and the benji is also the
mendes as ground support to
commitment
new is that celebrities their companions
Which makes you almost invincible
feels
One thing is clear the two matches the
each took about 15 minutes
were anything but boring
against the ki or against real opponents
The main thing is to be the strong first
to get weapons and vehicles and
thus the map and the mode too
check
I would see high and actually
gladly for a longer period
play to check if it is
still feels as good as
in the first half hour on each
case i have to for free studios
props to speak because they dare
with larsson something is very practical like
a milestone in the halo
multiplayer history there you can
other developer studios respectively
other publisher a slice of
cut off
now only has to work for
start the servers to be stable
matchmaking has to work
that would be a pity if not
Fold me now
What do you care about without
was to have played but you could
yes, see a little bit
I'll say two matches like that
me there but your opinion in the
Comments